the hot is this grill it's pretty hot it
was hot for life out of earlier but it's
as hot as he does yeah you know you just
really want it to be it's gonna flare up
a little bit but it's ok you don't worry
about that slurring I'm what's called an
active griller you know a lot of you
don't say hey you know what don't move
it but you move it a lot I move it a lot
because you know I want it to tamper on
both sides and then I drop it up here
which is kind of little makeshift thrill
ok now obviously we don't have time to
cook this whole thing all the way
through right so I got this race yeah
exactly you seasoned this wallet is on
the grill exactly with with this herb
brush now this is what herbs you have
tied here right here is sage rosemary
thyme and you just tie that to a wooden
spoon little spoon or down wine or
dental floss anything like that all
right and just and then just keep
flipping in and developing and then you
eventually get something like this
something like this which is the bo is a
beautiful PA its butt and it kind of
souffles up a little bit kind of puffs
up now I'll tell you it looks like it's
um Burt okay buddy let's chalk you know
what what it is it's it's not burnt but
it's like right in between it's brown
and charge so you really need that
particularly for dry-aged steaks it kind
of plays and you'll taste it you'll
taste it it it makes them okay good
whiskey am oh by the way he shoots a lot
younger camo yeah she was going on now
um ok so now you're gonna put this on
what is his fault this is a plate yeah
this is a plane happen are we gonna go
we're gonna actually do this right here
which is this board on the cutting board
behind a cutting board now this is one
of your things that you do you just put
the herbs in the olive oil on the
cutting board right and a lot of people
once they finish the beef will just put
it right on cut it up and put it right
over the place it just tends to dry out
it goes cold quick it's just another way
of developing flavor anybody can do this
mm-hmm can you say we split the bones
yeah like that's just great eating it
looks like it's running away from us as
we try to eat it now you slice into it
split these bones now while you're
slicing it is this a little bit here
that's you know it's just a little bit
uh just rare host then you put that back
on there for a little while okay nice I
would eat that just rare like that
though I'll tell you something all right
i'll leave that i love it oh good i'm
like a dog
and then right there so the key thing of
this is like when you have the deckle
here which is a top portion the deckle
yeah and you're gonna cut those pieces
right yeah how's you cut them you just
flip it right into this for dressing it
you get a little bit of dressing like
every every side that's the way you do
it what do you think of that Guillermo I
want to try it oh you do interesting
uh-huh that's a big piece because you
usually eat with your hands or do you
sometimes use utensils at home not home
I you use dental your utensils all right
what do you think mo that's great i like
it it's really good now no I'm gonna try
some of it too huh you don't mind cut me
off a nice little piece alright i will
try it oh it's kind possibly delicious
it's delicious and this is made out of a
cowl right that's exactly where to get a
County juice well again the book and
this is a great item for father's day or
you know if you don't have a father
you're sitting home alone sadly this is
a book you could wreak while you do that
I'll chart and scruff there's available
now and you'll find Adams recipe for
this on our website jimmy kimmel live
com Adam Perry Lang everybody will be
right back